---
title: Problems
date: 2024-11-23 22:15:00 +0100
categories: [Mental, Math]
     # TAG names should always be lowercase
published: true
---
# Problems

Since the last post I've been solving one [project Euler](https://projecteuler.net) and one [Leetcode](https://leetcode.com) problem per day, the problems have been easy to moderate difficulty for me, out of the problems I have to pick a select few that really took a bit of thinking for me

## Euler problems

[Problem 4](https://projecteuler.net/problem=4) took a bit of time to find an elegant solution that didnt involve too much computing, although I got it down, the whole code is on my [github](https://github.com/PetrarkaR) but here's a small snippet of the solution

{% highlight python %}
for i in range(minNum,maxNum,1):
    str_number = str(i)
    if(str_number == str_number[::-1]):
        for num1 in range(999, 99, -1):
            if i % num1 == 0:
                num2 = i // num1  
                if(num2<1000):
                    print(num1,num2)
{% endhighlight %}

## Leetcode problems

[Stairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/climbing-stairs/) this "easy" problem took me about 2-3 hours. And it's not hard. It's not a complex problem. I think it's just that things are getting to me and it broke me down a bit, it took me so long to figure out. And I did figure it out but I couldn't code it out. Here's a snippet of my [solution]() while talking to google.

{% highlight python %}
for twos in range(max_twos + 1):
    ones = number - 2 * twos  # Remaining positions are "1-blocks"
    if ones < 0:
        break  
    
    result += factorial(twos + ones) // (factorial(twos) * factorial(ones))
print(result)
{% endhighlight %}

## Conclusion 

The main takeaway is that problems are getting harder and I'm hardly getting smarter. But it's fun. I like having fun. I hope I at least get to 100 of these. That was kinda my idea with this, get to 100 problems. 1014383 people solved the first problem on project Euler and only  18104 solved the 100th problem. I wish to be one of those 18000, one day. 