---
title: Filters
date: 2024-11-7 18:20:00 +0100
categories: [Math,Mental]
     # TAG names should always be lowercase
published: true
---

# Introduction

Filters are a type of circuit that serve a special purpose. To filter out the noise. In that sense, the human body and electronics are quite similar, the brain has a mechanism to reduce the amount of unnecessary information that it receives, it's the same with electronic circuits, they try to reduce the amount of information they receive. But it's not that they are throwing out anything useful, again, it's just noise.

##  Noise.

Why do we need to reduce noise? Ignore information? To reduce redundancy, to reduce the inaccuracy of our signal. What can you understand if someone keeps talking over the lecturer? Not much. So we need to ignore those sounds. Let's focus a bit more on noise. What causes noise? In real life, noise can be internal, or external, let's think about the internal noise and collect that to circuits, we got our own mind constantly cluttering our thoughts with additional ideas, maybe an inner dialogue. We can interconnect that to electronic circuits, coupling noise. The circuit is actively doing harm upon itself. But it's not on purpose, it's just physics and design, same as with your brain, it's psychology and habits. Electromagnetic compatibility and psychology have more in common than we thought, I will explore there topics more in the future, I quite interconnecting different subjects. But let's now talk about the external sources of noise, such as other people talking, other sounds, opinions that influence our thinking. When it comes to electronics, we are always absorbing some noise due to the electrical grid, if you probed yourself with an oscilloscope you'd measure 50/60 Hz. When it comes to the little electronics, they are also under some influence of the electrical grid and the other electronic devices just beaming waves at them...


Further we will think about some ways on how to mitigate these noises, more in the electronic sense since it's more objective, when it comes to mental noise, it is a lot more on a person to person basis, and I don't really think I'm the one to give advice on that.

## Filters

When you want to remove noise, you do it by design. It is either by avoiding it in a way or just removing it outright. But how? 

You use something called a filter. Now there are different kinds, active, passive, digital, analog, which is the right kind for you? I wanted to kinda just explore this topic and go a bit more in depth on what it means to filter out data you don't really need. 

### Passive filters

Let's first go with the simplest method of "processing" and filtering data. Just passive electronic components, what can we do with that? We can use capacitors
and inductors to change the frequency response of the circuits due to their impedance being dependant on the frequency of the input.

TODO:Finish later.







