---
title: Hiatus
date: 2025-07-27 00:06:00 +0100
categories: [thoughts]
published: true
---

I've been a bit distant from writing since I had to pick up a few more responsibilities in life and I have reflected upon how the lack of writing impacts my life. Writing is a magical tool to check if your brain still works. Can you think and form sentences with no incentive, I think I can do that, but often people tend to... avoid doing that, or maybe they just think about something else, which is totally fine. In the age of artificial "intelligence" it is not that hard to believe that the idea of thinking and writing will be outsourced to an engine which can impose it's own will upon your wishes and ultimately propose a subliminal agenda... but that is doomsday talk for sure :), we are quite far away from that. I hope. I want to hope.

---

I have missed writing, and last night while I was going home, a bit tipsy at 03:30, I had a few thoughts that I don't think have occured to me often, I do not want to be afraid. It sounds a bit obvious when you think about it, who would actually want to be afraid, it is often portrayed as a negative emotion, but feeling fear is in fact natural, normal, instinctual. But in modern day I think fear has mostly devolved to uncertainty, there are not many things to be afraid of, only a few of life's situations come to my mind, but those are often rare and unlikely.

Maybe this is a bad take but, I don't even think we are even afraid of the situation, but of the uncertainty of it. As soon as we face it and we are in the middle of it, it all goes away and you are just focused on the thing at hand, you are controlling the odds, at least that's how I see it, maybe it's different for other people, I wouldn't know, I'm not other people. I would love to know though.


