---
title: Title
date: 2025-09-28 00:06:00 +0100
categories: [thoughts]
published: true
---

# Didn't really have an idea for the title

Been dwelling on some things for a while, as more time passes and I talk to more people the more I learn and unlearn but at some point when you are a mountain of things you have to carve out who you actually are of things that just attached on top of you. No idea where I was going with that. No real idea where I'm going with anything. Felt a bit lost recently, I went to Belgrade, maybe there was something there. Couple of buildings here and there. You can have buildings anywhere? That's not really a question, it's a fact, to me, it's more about the people I meet. What if I met someone special? I don't know what I would do. Feeling lost would be my first instinct. That's a pattern nowadays, being lost.

---

It's been getting more complicated as time passes to process things and feelings seeing as more opportunities come and I interact with more new environments, this makes it essentially impossible for me to behave right in the moment.


---

If I say "I" or "don't know" one more time, a scream will come out.

---

```
Words aren't easy

But neither am I

I don't want to be the one that learns to fly

```
These are lyrics from a song. Thought someone could relate to the feeling of being the first one in your surrounding to have to "ascend" in a way. To go beyond of what was previously established. Think it's gonna have to be me this time. 

---

It feels different to write when you know someone is reading, it creates quite an odd dynamic between me and the articles. I treat them more as a dialogue then. But that is a feeling maybe I should learn to cherish, with the next article, forgetfulness will catch up to me. There is a deep appreciation for you. 
