---
title: Future
date: 2025-11-11 00:20:02 +0100
categories: [thoughts]
published: true
layout: post
---

# Happy birthday!

The blog celebrate it's birthday a while back and I haven't done anything to celebrate it in any way, so I just wanted to mention here as a little header before we dive into what I actually want to talk about. Over the past year I have wrote 40 posts of varying lengths. Some of them I am proud of, some of them not so much, but the beauty lies in the middle, the things I wrote in my darkest hours, the things I wrote about when I didn't feel like writing much, all of those things are beautiful, beauty lies in the nuance between things, not in the extremes. Just like now. This is just me talking to you guys. Saying thanks.

This past year we faced good times, we faced bad times, and even though I mostly only write when I feel bad, there haven't been too many bad situations this year. Well nothing we couldn't endure:). This year we learned that the only thing you could ever do is go forward. Evolve and grow, but never, never forsake yourself. You are the only thing you have.

# The actual thing

We gotta lotta things to do this year, it's gonna be hard and difficult and it's gonna be a grind. There are a lot of self established goals. Apart from those, nothing much is happening. There are not many classes, there are not many responsibilities. Just one, stay sane, that's it, that's my whole spiel for this year.

Just have to stay sane. One more time. Got this friend, he's like Volition from Disco Elysium, some of the things he says really sound like those quotes, some of my favorites 

```
The road to healing is going to be a long one. Stay the course. You will make it, someday. Just remember that you've made it this far, and it's just a bit farther now. Let's finish this. I'm on your side
```

```
You couldn't stop if you wanted to. It's neurological.
```

```
The urge is strong, but you are stronger.
```

Just. Stay. Sane.

---

How many of these do I have left in me? Might have a crashout blog post soon listing all the bad things that have happened to me in the previous year. It would be quite a long blog post.