---
title: Xaoc
date: 2025-11-21 00:20:02 +0100
categories: [thoughts]
published: true
layout: post
---

# Engage with Xaoc!

I love chaos. There is something special in the feeling of not knowing. Of being unable to predict what comes next. It's truly the one true way to perform the [test](https://www.goodreads.com/quotes/495430-yeah-about-the-test-the-test-will-measure-whether-you) on yourself. Engaging with chaos is something special.

It comes naturally to me, when there isn't any chaos I create it. When I organize things I organize them in a chaotic way. Organized chaos. A juxtapose. That's the beauty of it. 

Why xaoc? The thought of it occurred to me while talking to a few of my friends, in a way using a different alphabet to write a word gave it more meaning and made it more special. But this isn't a different alphabet, it's just plain old latin. Xaoc. That's exactly what chaos is all about. You know what xaoc is. I know what it is. But on paper, it doesn't make any sense. Organized chaos.

I love it.

I started writing a lot more, organizing my notes with [obsidian](https://obsidian.md/), the more I write the more I find myself wondering and thinking, the more I write the more I analyze. The world is often a cruel place. Why do I say this? Things vanish. They go away. Markdown files on my computer stay forever. At least until my drive explodes. But for them to go away git would need to explode as well. I love my computer and all the things that are on it

It kinda makes me appreciate chaos even more. But giving me the power to just... take components into the system and just put them together in a pretty pattern... It's a special feeling for me. Maybe one day some of my notes will get published, but until then...

enjoy the xaoc.