---
title: Mentors
date: 2025-10-23 00:13:17 +0100
categories: [thoughts]
published: true
layout: post
---

# Learning from people

The thing with me is that I've always found ways to be stubborn and not listen to people whatever the case may be. In a way that is sort of a good thing. I mean, if you are doing good why would you want to listen to people who may intentionally or unintentionally harm your upcoming? That's atleast my perception of it. But with time I worked on actually learning from other people and extracting every single good thing they can teach me while trying to avoid their projections on me.

---

That's where he comes in, my mentor. Circa november 2024 I encountered this program, "mentor the young" and they pair me up with this guy, hes barely 10 years older than me, but a man of such knowledge and intellect, such an outstanding example, some of his words still echo in my mind to this day. He used to recite "Faust" to me for no reason in the middle of conversation, which I found so charming and interesting. He is an assistant teacher at the Technical university in Novi Sad, whatever that means to anyone, he teaches computing and algorithms. A fascinating topic to me, we used to talk about everything, about science, about technology, about philosophy, he really helped me find my center. The thing I want to focus on, he really aided me in that sense, kinda saw myself in him, just a tinier version.

---

The thing that I value the most about him, is that he always spoke so softly. He never belittled me, but always talked soft to me, as if me and him knew each other all of our lives. I hope he knows he played a big part in all the greatness that's coming.

---

Of course, I have had many "mentors" in my life, but none of them were tasked with teaching me things. He was. And he delivered. I will write more about the people that helped me reach this level in the future.